Lamp Aspiration Prayer (from the Tsok Offering 'A Rain of Blessings')
by The Fourteenth Karmapa, Tekchok Dorje

Recite the hundred-syllable mantra, oṃ vajra sattva... etc. Then the assembled vajra brothers
and sisters should hold lamps and recite the following with a single voice:
om ah hung
Oṃ āḥ hūṃ
dechen dewé kyilkhor dampa di
In this joyous and sacred maṇḍala of great bliss,
dak sok ngo mön zangpö lé drelwé
We are all connected through noble aspirations from the past,
dorje ché cham dir tsok tamché kyi
As vajra brothers and sisters, all gathered for the feast,
ngö jor chö trin zangpo lek sham shing
With gifts, perfectly arranged as offering clouds,
lhak sam mö lö gya cher pel ché né
Multiplied and made vast through positive intent and imagination,
sönam yeshe tsok chen rab sak té
To gather perfectly vast stores of merit and wisdom.
mönlam di tü ma ong chimé dü
Through the power of this aspiration, when, in the future,
bardö trul nang sam dé tongwé tsé
We see the delusory appearances of the bardo, beyond imagining,
ying rik ösel ma bu ngo trö né
May mother and child luminosities of space and awareness unite,
ngang trak jikpa dralwé ö lam la
And on the path of light with its terrifying sights and sounds,
chomden ö pak mé kyi dün né sü
May the Buddha Amitābha, “Boundless Light”, lead the way,
chang sem khor tsok gyatsö gyab né kyor
As a vast retinue of bodhisattvas support us from behind.
jik rung khorwé yang sa lam drol né
Then, saved from saṃsāra's terrible abyss,
dechen pémo köpé shying kham su
May we be reborn in the heart of a lotus flower,
pémé nyingpor trung shing sangyé jel
In the blissful land of Lotus Array, there to meet the buddhas,
dampé chö tob sa lam tar chin né
Receive the sacred Dharma, and complete the paths and stages.
dzok sangyé tob kha nyam sem chen kün
Once perfectly awakened, may we become great guides,
ring min dé né dewar gö nüpé
Capable of leading all beings, as infinite as space,
depön chenpor daknyi gyurwar shok
Swiftly, from one blissful state to another.
sherab yeshe salwé drönmé di
May this lamp of discerning and primordial wisdom
lé nyön drip nyi münpa rab sel shying
Banish entirely the darkness of karmic and emotional veils,
yang dak lam gyi nangwa cher gyé né
Greatly enhance the light of the pure, authentic path,
ten dé gyalsar göpé drönmer shok
And illuminate the way to the kingdom of everlasting bliss.
When you have made this prayer of aspiration, offer the lamp to the recipients in front.

Composed by the Fourteenth Karmapa at his great seat of Akaniṣṭha Tsurphu.

| Translated by Adam Pearcey, 2016.